#summary A brief tutorial for getting started
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Getting Started =

NRL Order It is a Firefox extension for creating, organizing, tracking, and printing purchase orders for the NRL Chemistry Division Code 6100 procurement. The extension is designed to easily create purchase orders by copying and pasting from websites within the Firefox browser and provides functionality for maintaining contact information for companies and job order numbers. NRL Order It does not provide functionality for online submission of purchase orders, but does provide printing of purchase orders as a properly formatted hard copy for submission. Enjoy!

== Accessing ==

The NRL Order It extension can be accessed via three mechanisms once Firefox has been started and the extension has been installed:

 # In the lower right-hand corner of the Firefox window, along the status bar, is the NRL icon . Clicking on the NRL icon will access the extension.
 # In the 'Tools' menu of the Firefox window, 'NRL Order It' is listed. Clicking on 'NRL Order It' will access the extension.
 # Using the keyboard, the extension can be accessed at anytime using 'Ctrl+Alt+N' when the Firefox window is active.

== Setting Defaults ==

 # Access the NRL Order It extension from within the Firefox browser.
 # Click on 'Preferences' in the upper right hand corner of the NRL Order It panel. A new dialog will appear.
 # Click on 'Defaults' in the new dialog. A form will appear with fields for entering defaults for some purchase order values.
 # Fill out the form. The values can be changed at any time and will populate the purchase order form fields when creating a new purchase order. Hold the mouse over the field for a description.
 # Click 'OK'.

== Creating a Job Order Number ==

 # Access the NRL Order It extension from within the Firefox browser.
 # Click on the 'Job Order Numbers' tab.
 # Click on 'New', a new form will appear to enter the information about the new job order number
 # Fill out the form for the new job order number. Note, only the account number field will be used to create a purchase order for submission to Procurement. The name is for easy identification of the JON within the extension. The description is optional and for additional information. Clicking 'Reset' will clear the form to start over. Clicking 'Cancel' will clear the form and hide the form. Fields can also be filled out by copy and paste.
 # Click on 'Done' after filling out the form. The job order number is now saved and ready for future use.

== Creating a Company ==

 # Access the NRL Order It extension from within the Firefox browser.
 # Click on the 'Companies' tab.
 # Click on 'New', a new form will appear to enter the information about the new company. Note, all fields are required. Clicking 'Reset' will clear the form to start over. Clicking 'Cancel' will clear the form and hide the form. Fields can also be filled out by copy and paste.
 # Click on 'Done' after filling out the form. The company is now saved and ready for future use.

== Creating a Purchase Order ==

 # Access the NRL Order It extension from within the Firefox browser.
 # Click on the 'Purchase Orders' tab.
 # Click on 'New', a form will appear to be filled. Clicking 'Reset' clears the form to start over, while clicking on 'Cancel' clears and hides the form.
 # Fill out the form. The 'Title' is a unique name or description for the purchase order but will not be used in the generation of the purchase order. All job order numbers created previously will be listed in the 'Job Order Number' drop down list. All companies created previously will be listed in the 'Company' drop down list. The 'Notes' field is optional and for additional information but is not used in submission to Procurement. A HazMat code must be selected for all items. Fields can also be filled out by copy and paste.
 # Click on 'Done' after completing the form. The purchase order is now saved and ready for printing and submission.




